Java Strings:
Strings are used for storing text.
A String variable contains a collection of characters surrounded by double quote

All String Methods:
The String class has a set of built-in methods that you can use on strings.

Method                  Description                                                                 Return Type
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
charAt()                Returns the character at the specified index (position)                     char
codePointAt()           Returns the Unicode of the character at the specified index                 int
codePointBefore()       Returns the Unicode of the character before the specified index             int
codePointCount()        Returns the number of Unicode values found in a string                      int
compareTo()             Compares two strings lexicographically                                      int
compareToIgnoreCase()   Compares two strings lexicographically, ignoring case differences           int
concat()                Appends a string to the end of another string                               String
contains()              Checks whether a string contains a sequence of characters                   boolean
contentEquals()         Checks whether a string contains the exact same sequence of
                        characters of the specified CharSequence or StringBuffer                    boolean
copyValueOf()           Returns a String that represents the characters of the character array      String
endsWith()              Checks whether a string ends with the specified character(s)                boolean
equals()                Compares two strings. Returns true if the strings are equal, false if not   boolean
equalsIgnoreCase()      Compares two strings, ignoring case considerations                          boolean
format()                Returns a formatted string using the specified locale, format string,
                        and arguments                                                               String
getBytes()              Converts a string into an array of bytes                                    byte[]
getChars()              Copies characters from a string to an array of chars                        void
hashCode()              Returns the hash code of a string                                           int
indexOf()               Returns the position of the first found occurrence of specified characters  int
intern()                Returns the canonical representation for the string object                  String
isEmpty()               Checks whether a string is empty or not                                     boolean
join()                  Joins one or more strings with a specified separator                        String
lastIndexOf()           Returns the position of the last found occurrence of specified characters   int
length()                Returns the length of a specified string                                    int
matches()               Searches a string for a match against a regular expression                  boolean
offsetByCodePoints()    Returns the index within this String offset by codePointOffset code points  int
regionMatches()         Tests if two string regions are equal                                       boolean
replace()               Searches a string for a specified value and returns a new string with
                        the specified values replaced                                               String
replaceAll()            Replaces each substring matching the regex with the given replacement       String
replaceFirst()          Replaces the first substring matching the regex with the given replacement  String
split()                 Splits a string into an array of substrings                                 String[]
startsWith()            Checks whether a string starts with specified characters                    boolean
subSequence()           Returns a new character sequence that is a subsequence of this sequence     CharSequence
substring()             Returns a new string which is the substring of a specified string           String
toCharArray()           Converts this string to a new character array                               char[]
toLowerCase()           Converts a string to lower case letters                                     String
toString()              Returns the value of a String object                                        String
toUpperCase()           Converts a string to upper case letters                                     String
trim()                  Removes whitespace from both ends of a string                               String
valueOf()               Returns the string representation of the specified value                    String